### What is NPM?

- NPM is a package manager for Node.js packages, or modules if you like. www.npmjs.com hosts thousands of free packages to download and use. The NPM program is installed on your computer when you install Node.js (https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

### What is Parcel/Webpack? Why do we need it?

- Parcel is a web application bundler, differentiated by its developer experience. It offers blazing fast performance utilizing multicore processing, and requires zero configuration. (https://parceljs.org/)

### What is .parcel-cache

- Parcel uses a cache directory to store cached files and assets between builds. This allows it to skip work when files haven't changed, resulting in reduced build times. (https://parceljs.org/production.html) 

### What is npx ?

- npx is a tool intended to help round out the experience of using packages from the npm registry — the same way npm makes it super easy to install and manage dependencies hosted on the registry, npx makes it easy to use CLI tools and other executables hosted on the registry. (https://medium.com/@maybekatz/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner-55f7d4bd282b)

### What is difference between dependencies vs devDependencies

- Dependencies are the packages that your project needs to run, and devDependencies are packages that you only need during development. (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18875674/whats-the-difference-between-dependencies-devdependencies-and-peerdependencies)

### What is Tree Shaking?

- Tree shaking is process of removing the unwanted code that we do not use while developing the application. In computing, tree shaking is a dead code elimination technique that is applied when optimizing code 

### What is Hot Module Replacement?

- Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. This can significantly speed up development in a few ways: Retain application state which is lost during a full reload.

### List down your favorite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words. 

- 5 superpowers of Parcel:

    - HMR (Hot Module Replacement) - adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload.
    - File watcher algorithm - File Watchers monitor directories on the file system and perform specific actions when desired files appear.
    - Minification - Minification is the process of minimizing code and markup in your web pages and script files.
    - Image optimization
    - Caching while development

### What is .gitignore? What should we add and not add into it?

- The .gitignore file is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project. A local .gitignore file is usually placed in the root directory of a project. (https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/saving-changes/gitignore)

### What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json

- package.json:
    * This file is mandatory for every project
    * It contains basic information about the project
    * Application name/version/scripts

- package-lock.json:
    * This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either the node_module tree or package-json.
    * It is generated after an npm install
    * It allows future devs & automated systems to download the same dependencies as the project.
    * it also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual
committing the node_modules folder.
   * It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them.

Future installs will be capable of building identical description tree.

**~** or **^** in `package.json` file :
These are used with the versions of the package installed.

For example  in `package.json` file:
```
"dependencies": {
    "react": "^18.2.0",
    "react-dom": "^18.2.0"
  }
```

* **~** : `Approximately equivalent to version`, will update you to all future patch versions, without incrementing the minor version.
* **^** : `Compatible with version`, will update you to all future minor/patch versions, without incrementing the major version.

### Why should I not modify package-lock.json?

- The package-lock.json file is a product of the npm install command. It is never modified directly. If any changes are made to the package-lock.json file, they will be discarded when running the npm install command. file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions used in the project. Deleting it would cause dependencies issues in the production environment. So don't modify it, It's being handled automatically by NPM.

### What is node_modules ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?

- The node_modules folder contains all the dependencies of your project, i.e packages that you have installed. Don't push it on github because it contains lots of files(more than 100 MB), it will cost you memory space.

### What is the dist folder?

- The dist folder is where the bundled code will be placed. This is the code that will be deployed to production. It is usually minified and optimized.

### What is browserlists

- Browserslist is a config to share target browsers and Node.js versions between different front-end tools. It is used in many tools, including Autoprefixer, Babel, postcss-normalize and eslint-plugin-compat. 
